Add DO and Workflow remote resources local usage instructions (#24023)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/development-testing/index.mdx

If `experimental_remote: true` is specified in Wrangler configuration for any of the following unsupported binding types, Cloudflare **will issue an error**. See [all supported and unsupported bindings for remote bindings](/workers/development-testing/bindings-per-env/).

> - [**Durable Objects**](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#durable-objects): Enabling remote connections for Durable Objects may be supported in the future, but currently will always run locally. However, using Durable Objects in combination with remote bindings is possible, as illustrated in the [relative section](#using-remote-resources-with-durable-objects-and-workflows) below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Durable Objects**](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#durable-objects): Enabling remote connections for Durable Objects may be supported in the future, but currently will always run locally. However, using Durable Objects in combination with remote bindings is possible. Refer to [Using remote resources with Durable Objects and Workflows](#using-remote-resources-with-durable-objects-and-workflows) below.
```

- [**RPC on service bindings**](/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/service-bindings/rpc/): While you can make `fetch()` calls on remote service bindings, you cannot currently call RPC methods on remote service bindings.

> - [**Workflows**](/workflows/): Enabling remote connections for Workflows may be supported in the future, but currently will only run locally. However, using Workflows in combination with remote bindings is possible, as illustrated in the [relative section](#using-remote-resources-with-durable-objects-and-workflows) below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Workflows**](/workflows/): Enabling remote connections for Workflows may be supported in the future, but currently will only run locally. However, using Workflows in combination with remote bindings is possible. Refer to [Using remote resources with Durable Objects and Workflows](#using-remote-resources-with-durable-objects-and-workflows) below.
```

If `experimental_remote: true` is specified in Wrangler configuration for any of the following unsupported binding types, Cloudflare **will issue an error**. See [all supported and unsupported bindings for remote bindings](/workers/development-testing/bindings-per-env/).

> - [**Durable Objects**](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#durable-objects): Enabling remote connections for Durable Objects may be supported in the future, but currently will always run locally. However, using Durable Objects in combination with remote bindings is possible as illustrated in the [Durable Objects usage section](#durable-objects-usage-with-remote-resources) below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Durable Objects**](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#durable-objects): Enabling remote connections for Durable Objects may be supported in the future, but currently will always run locally. However, using Durable Objects in combination with remote bindings is possible, as illustrated in the [Durable Objects usage section](#durable-objects-usage-with-remote-resources) below.
```

If `experimental_remote: true` is specified in Wrangler configuration for any of the following unsupported binding types, Cloudflare **will issue an error**. See [all supported and unsupported bindings for remote bindings](/workers/development-testing/bindings-per-env/).

> - [**Durable Objects**](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#durable-objects): Enabling remote connections for Durable Objects may be supported in the future, but currently will always run locally. Using Durable Objects in combination with remote bindings is however possible
>   as illustrated in the [Durable Objects usage section](#durable-objects-usage-with-remote-resources) below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [**Durable Objects**](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#durable-objects): Enabling remote connections for Durable Objects may be supported in the future, but currently will always run locally. However, using Durable Objects in combination with remote bindings is possible as illustrated in the [Durable Objects usage section](#durable-objects-usage-with-remote-resources) below.
```

- [**Analytics Engine**](/analytics/analytics-engine/): Local development sessions typically don't contribute data directly to production Analytics Engine.

- [**Hyperdrive**](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#hyperdrive): This is being actively worked on, but is currently unsupported.

- [**Rate Limiting**](/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/rate-limit/#configuration): Local development sessions typically should not share or affect rate limits of your deployed Workers. Rate limiting logic should be tested against local simulations.

:::note
If you have use-cases for connecting to any of the remote resources above, please [open a feature request](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-sdk/issues) in our [`workers-sdk` repository](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-sdk).
:::

#### Using remote resources with Durable Objects and Workflows

While Durable Object and Workflow bindings cannot currently be remote, you can still use them during local development and have them interact with remote resources.

There are two recommended patterns for this:

- **Local Durable Objects/Workflows with remote bindings:**

> 	When you enable remote bindings in your [Wrangler configuration](/workers/wrangler/configuration), your locally running Durable Objects and Workflows can access those remote resources.
> 	This allows such bindings, although run locally to interact with remote resources during local development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	When you enable remote bindings in your [Wrangler configuration](/workers/wrangler/configuration), your locally running Durable Objects and Workflows can access remote resources. This allows such bindings, although run locally, to interact with remote resources during local development.
```

</Aside>

#### Durable Objects Usage with Remote Resources

While Durable Object bindings cannot currently be remote, you can still use them during local development and have them interact with remote resources.

There are two main approaches for this:

- **Local Durable Objects with remote bindings:**

	When you enable remote mode for a binding in your [Wrangler configuration](/workers/wrangler/configuration), both your main Worker and any local Durable Objects can make use of it. This allows Durable Objects to interact with remote resources during local development.

> - **Remote Durable Objects with local Workers:**

Reviewer 2: That sounds good to me!

</Aside>

#### Durable Objects Usage with Remote Resources

> While Durable Objects cannot currently run in remote mode, you can still use them during local development and have them interact with remote resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While Durable Object bindings cannot currently be remote, you can still use them during local development and have them interact with remote resources.
```

There are two main approaches for this:

- **Local Durable Objects with remote bindings:**

> 	When you enable remote mode for a binding in your [Wrangler configuration](/workers/wrangler/configuration), both your main Worker and any local Durable Object
> 	can make use of it. This allows Durable Objects to interact with remote resources during local development.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	When you enable remote mode for a binding in your [Wrangler configuration](/workers/wrangler/configuration), both your main Worker and any local Durable Objects can make use of it. This allows Durable Objects to interact with remote resources during local development.
```

- **Remote Durable Objects with local Workers:**

	You can run Durable Objects remotely from a Worker using [`wrangler dev --remote`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#dev) and have them interact with local Workers
	running on your machine by leveraging Wrangler's [Multiple dev commands](./multi-workers/#multiple-dev-commands) feature.

	To do this:

	- Start your remote Worker (which contains the Durable Object) using `wrangler dev --remote`.

	- In your local Workers' configuration, set the Durable Object's [`script_name`](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#durable-objects) to the name of the remote Worker.

> 	- Run your local Workers with `wrangler dev` to connect to the remote Durable Object.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is accurate—does this work? I'd expect the recomendation here to be to _deploy_ a Worker with DOs, and use a remote service binding to bind to that deployed Worker

Author: Yeah, thanks a lot for catching this, I opened this PR early last week and forgot to double check this.

I was wasn't sure if this would work but I thought that that was what you were suggesting when we last spoke and I was going to check before progressing with the PR (something I clearly forgot to do 😓)

Sorry I'm also not sure why I didn't put the PR as draft then! 😓

Anyways yeah if you say it doesn't work (and that's also what I thought) I'll update this with your suggestion (which does make sense to me! again, sorry last time we spoke I just misunderstood your suggestion 😓)

Author: I've updated this section, again sorry for the silly mistake and thanks for spotting this!!! 🙇
